###Tetris Game Demo by Victoria Kaiying Shan

The three Java files contains the codes for the game tetris, with Java and object oriented programming. The three classes are TetrisFrame, TetrisPanel, and Tiles. The TetrisFrame class is a subclass of class JFrame (imported from java.swing), containing the main method, which establishes a TetrisFrame object. The TetrisFrame class also implements the KeyListener interface, so that the game can be controled with five keys: up (change direction), down (fall to bottom), left (to left for 22 pixels), right (to right for 22 pixels), and space (pause or resume).

In the constructor method of the TetrisFrame class, an TetrisPanel object is established. the TetrisPanel class is a subclass of JPanel (also imported from java.swing). The TetrisPanel contains mainly three methods: the constructor method, the paint method, and the run method. Concisely speaking, the constructor method starts a new thread, the paint method draws the graphics on the panel, and the run method changes the parameters of the graphics and control the time when repaint the graph. All of the graphs are drawn with Graphics2D object (the parameter of the paint method is a Graphics object, but it is casted into a Graphics2D object explicitly), filling the rectangles with calculated coordinates in the unit of pixel. The Graph is repainted in every 20 milliseconds and the block moves down for 22 pixel every 1 second. The tiles that have already fallen to the bottom are stored in an ArrayList with the generics type of Tiles (Tiles class is introduced in the third paragraph), so that they can be repainted every time the graph changes. Every fifty times when the graph is repainted, the suspending tile moves down for 22 pixel. There is also an array with type int, storing the maximum height of each column, so that the tile would stop when their bottom side reaches the maximum height of the previous tiles.

The Tile class stores all the parameters for the TetrisPanel to display the graph of one tile in the form of public instance variable. There are seven kinds of tiles, each with four directions.The kind and direction of tiles are generated by random. The rest of the code in this class adjusts the coordinates of the tiles when they exceeds the bound.
